hey guys this is the strain Elliott with
some really good minecraft news actually
if I'm just going to get started right
away here but it says in a recent
interview with IGN notch released quite
a lot of information about the new
update on this is why this is was going
to be called minecraft update part 2 so
the first thing that I have to say is he
says that they've added melons and made
both melons and pumpkins farmable so you
can grow them both at a central stem
like slowly grows to max sighs when it's
max size it will randomly spawn a fruit
next to it if there isn't one next to it
at the moment we might add even more
farming options if needed so basically
they're going to have farmable melons
and I think it said pumpkins and you're
just going to be able to farm those now
it says the random dungeons are part of
the terrain will contain a reason to
explore them it's likely our first boss
monster may appear in the dungeons but
we haven't gotten that far in their
development yet so they are considering
adding bosses to the dungeons and lastly
um it says internally there will be a
bigger focus on exploration in combat
more reason to do the things you already
can do like fishing and farming and
ability to keep animal farms at the same
time we'll roll out the modding support
and hopefully we'll see some more
interesting mods gaining more momentum
hopefully this video that I'm posting
right now will get quite a lot of views
to the importance of the information
although this information was gained by
IGN um so that's why I got this
information from in a recent interview
so that's it for now you guys I know
this video has been quite small that I
will slowly scroll down here so you guys
can read along the information if you
want to go back and read it a little bit
um there you go um that's it for now
strange early signing up